Was Donovan the top scorer?
Did Donovan sign with the german team Bayer Leverkusen?
Did Donovan earn Man of the Match for his actions?
Did Donovan score three goals in the Open Cup?
Had Donovan a mixed year with the Galaxy in 2007?
Was he named to the MLS all-Time best XI after the season?
Did Donovan score a goal in every game except for the final?
Was he accepted into US Youth Soccer's Olympic Development Program?
Did his mother raise him and his siblings in Redlands, California?
Was he named US Soccer Athlete of the Year in 2003?
Did Bayer Leverkusen officials respect his wishes?
Did Donovan score twelve league goals and eight assists?
Did Donovan relinquish his captaincy to the english superstar?
Did he attend Redlands East Valley High School when not engaged in soccer activities elsewhere?
Is Donovan the only american player to reach the 50 goals / 50 assists mark?
Was he named by the Guardian as the greatest male american soccer player of all-time?
Were Two of those goals in the 2003 MLS Cup, a 4–2 Earthquakes triumph over the Chicago Fire?
Did Donovan score the 100th goal of his MLS career?
Was Donovan a member of Cal Heat–a club based in nearby Rancho Cucamonga under coach Clint Greenwood?
Did Donovan attend the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, part of US Soccer's training program?
Is an american retired professional soccer player, who played as a forward Landon Timothy Donovan ( born March 4, 1982 ) is an american retired professional soccer player, who played as a forward?
Did Donovan and the Galaxy fail to make the playoffs and lost in the Open Cup to Chicago Fire?
Was Donovan named the MLS Cup MVP?
Did the Galaxy win the MLS Supporter's Shield?
Did Donovan notch 7 goals and a team high 16 assists?
Did he apologize to Beckham for discussing his concerns to a reporter rather than to him directly?
Was Donovan loaned to the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer for the 2001 season?
Do Donovan's playoff goals him MLS' second all-time leading scorer in the playoffs with fourteen, behind Carlos Ruiz with fifteen?
Was the goal Donovan's fifth in MLS Cup Finals?
Is the all-time leader in scoring and assists Donovan is the all-time leader in scoring and assists, and has the most caps of all active players?
Would the Galaxy ultimately succumb to FC Dallas in the semifinals?
Did Donovan star in the US team that reached the quarter-finals of the 2002 FIFA World Cup where he received the best Young Player Award?
Did he score 32 goals and 29 assists in league play, and 10 goals and six assists in the playoffs?
Did Donovan state his intentions to return to MLS?
Did the Galaxy go on to win their second straight MLS Cup, 3–1?
Did Donovan sign a six-year contract for german club Bayer Leverkusen, whose sporting director Michael Reschke spotted him at a youth tournament in Europe?
Did he become the all-time leading scorer for the LA Galaxy?
Did Major League Soccer announce it would change the name of the Major League Soccer MVP Award to the Landon Donovan MVP Award in honor of Donovan?
Had Donovan eighty-four all-time regular season goals putting him in seventh place on the league's all-time scoring list?
Is both the league's all-time top scorer with 144 goals and the league's all-time assists leader with 136 Donovan won a record six MLS Cups and is both the league's all-time top scorer with 144 goals and the league's all-time assists leader with 136?
Had the Galaxy another successful campaign in 2010 winning the Supporters' Shield for the first time since 2003?
Did Donovan receive praise and criticism for his critical comments about Beckham in Sports Illustrated journalist Grant Wahl's book the Beckham Experiment, calling Beckham a poor captain and teammate?
Had Donovan immediate success, leading the Earthquakes to MLS Cup championships in 2001 and 2003 and becoming one of the only recognizable faces of soccer in America?
Did Donovan move to the Los Angeles Galaxy?
Did Donovan become the first man to be named US Soccer Athletes of the Year three years in a row, before returning to Bayer Leverkusen in 2005?
Did Donovan score the title-clinching goal in the 72nd minute over the Houston Dynamo, securing his 4th MLS Cup title?
Was Donovan given the club captaincy on a permanent basis?
Did Donovan agree to a four-year extension to his contract with the Galaxy, with clauses that allow him to seek loans during the MLS offseason?
Had Donovan trouble " adapting to the german culture " and spent much of his time in the US training with the United States U-17 National Team?
Did Bayern decline to extend his loan?
Did Lee die in 2003?
Did he score two goals against CD Chivas USA tying him with Jeff Cunningham together as the top MLS goalscorer with 134 goals?
Did Donovan express his desire to take a break from his professional soccer career, citing physical and mental exhaustion as the main reasons?
Did he assist in Darron Gibson's winning goal over Manchester City?
Did the game take place on 28 July 2015 at Commerce City, Colorado?
Was it announced that he would be forced to relinquish the captaincy to Robbie Keane for the 2013 season?
Was it a banner year for Donovan as he scored twenty goals and nine assists in twenty-five games, forming a strong offensive partnership with David Beckham and Edson Buddle?
Did he win the Golden Ball at the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship as the tournament's best player?
Did his three goals in the 2010 FIFA World Cup make Donovan the highest scoring male american player in World Cup history and one of the three male american players to score in more than one World Cup ( along with Brian McBride and Clint Dempsey)?
Did Everton lose 2–1?
Was an agreement reached in December 2011 for Donovan to spend another two months at Everton beginning in January 2012?
Did he play for the United States U-20 men's national soccer team in 2001?
Did he score 35 goals in 41 games?
Was early life and education Donovan born on March 4, 1982, in Ontario, California, to Donna Kenney-Cash, a special education teacher, and Tim Donovan, a semi-professional ice hockey player originally from Canada, which makes Donovan a canadian citizen by descent?
Did Donovan return to training with the Galaxy on March 25, 2013 and made his season debut five days later against Toronto FC, coming on as a 61st-minute substitute?
Was a member of the inaugural class of the US Soccer residency program in Bradenton, Florida, Donovan declared player of the tournament for his role in the United States U17 squad that finished fourth in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship?
Did Donovan convert a penalty kick in the 65th minute of play to give LA a 2–1 lead?
Did Donovan train with Bayern Munich, before joining the german club on loan until the start of the 2009 MLS season in mid-March?
Is he a four-time winner of the US Soccer Athlete of the Year award ( the only man to do so and the first man to win in consecutive years), as well as the only seven-time winner of the Honda Player of the Year award?
Were the Los Angeles Galaxy , his hometown team , able to trade leading scorer Carlos Ruiz to FC Dallas to get on top of the MLS allocation order one week before the season started?
Did Donovan score twice against the Philadelphia Union to break Cunningham's record of 134, making Donovan Major League Soccer's all-Time leading goalscorer with 136 goals?
Did he assist Everton's only goal in a 1–1 draw against Aston Villa on January 14, 2012?
Did he move up to both the United States U-23 men's national soccer team as well as the senior team?
Did Donovan assist in both goals in a 2–1 win over Fulham in the FA Cup fourth round proper?
Did Donovan's cross in the 29th minute deflect in off Jorge Costa, giving the US a 2–0 lead?
Did the two reconcile upon Beckham's midseason return to Los Angeles and Donovan enjoyed an outstanding 2009 campaign, winning the league's Most Valuable Player and MLS Goal of the Year 2009 award and leading the Galaxy to MLS Cup 2009, which they lost on penalties?
Had Donovan appearances in five friendly matches, in which he scored four goals, five league games, and one DFB Cup match?
Was Donovan a member of the inaugural class at US Soccer's full-time residency program at the IMG Academy, in Bradenton, Florida?
Did Donovan take his tally of assists to 7 when he assisted Denis Stracqualursi's goal in a 2–0 victory over Chelsea on February 11, 2012?
Did Donovan start and play 90 minutes in both games?
Was named the club's Player of the Month for his performances in January he played in thirteen games in all competitions, scored two goals, and was named the club's Player of the Month for his performances in January?
Was it announced that Donovan had been appointed as coach of the MLS Homegrown Team for the 2015 MLS Homegrown Game?
Did he marry Hannah Bartell?
Did Donovan captain the US in the group stage of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup due to Carlos Bocanegra's injury absence?
Did Donovan join English Premier League side Everton on loan in January 2010, though there was strong suggestions he could join his american teammates at Fulham FC?
Was Donovan a member of the US squad at the 2006 World Cup, in which the Americans were eliminated in the group stage?
Would Donovan tally his first World Cup Finals goal in the 83rd minute of a 3–1 loss to Poland in the third match of the group stage?
Did he score his second goal of the tournament on a header which clinched a 2–0 round of 16 victory for the Americans over arch-rival Mexico?
Was included in the squad for the 2010 World Cup Donovan was included in the squad for the 2010 World Cup, and played all four games in the United States' campaign?
Did Donovan lead a team of MLS academy graduates, assembled just one day prior, to a 1-1 regulation tie, followed by a 4-5 shootout loss, as reported online?
Is his total of five World Cup goals the most for any man representing a team from CONCACAF?
Did he lead the US to the 2007 Gold Cup title with 4 goals, including a crucial penalty in the 2–1 victory over Mexico in the final?
Did Donovan score a penalty against Ghana as the US lost 2–1 after extra time and were eliminated from the competition?
Did Donovan make his World Cup Finals debut in the 2002 World Cup starting in the shock upset of pre-tournament favorites Portugal, a match the Americans won 3–2?
Would Donovan later be named " best Young Player " of the tournament?
Was Donovan re-called to the national team for the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup to be played in July?
Does he speak german as a result of his time spent in Germany?
Was subsequently substituted for Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer he was subsequently substituted for Sporting Kansas City striker Dom Dwyer and gave the captain's armband to canadian international Will Johnson?
Does 1^ UEFA Champions League, UEFA Cup, and CONCACAF Champions League 2^ MLS Cup playoffs and North American SuperLiga?
Did Donovan's corner kick assist Eddie Johnson's go-ahead goal in the 57th minute?
