Is Dempsey of irish descent on his father's side?
Was Dempsey born in Nacogdoches?
Was Dempsey born in Texas?
Was Dempsey born in Nacogdoches, Texas?
Was Dempsey born in NewYork?
Did Dempsey maintain these ties playing in a local mexican-dominated adult league?
Did Dempsey lose his then 16-year-old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?
Did he attend Furman University as a health and exercise science major and a key player for Paladins soccer?
Did several parents of his teammates with the Texans offer to assist the Dempseys with expenses and travel, allowing him to rejoin the club?
Was honored with the MVP of the Tampa Bay Sun Bowl tournament he went on to be the captain and high scorer of the Texans and was honored with the MVP of the Tampa Bay Sun Bowl tournament?
Was devastated with the family's loss Dempsey was devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?
Had to quit due to his family's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player Dempsey became a standout on the team at an early age but had to quit due to his family's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
Was his older brother Ryan offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans, an elite youth soccer club, and brought Clint, who noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl Dempsey studied the play of Argentina's national team, especially Diego Maradona, and was heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing in the 1994 World Cup game played in the Cotton Bowl?
Who was born in Nacogdoches, Texas, and, for much of his childhood, his family lived in a trailer park, where he and his siblings grew up playing soccer with Hispanic immigrants?
Where was Dempsey was bear Texas, and, for much of his childhood, his family lived in a trailer park, where he and his siblings grew up playing soccer with Hispanic immigrants?
Where was Dempsey was bear in Nacogdoches, and, for much of his childhood, his family lived in a trailer park, where he and his siblings grew up playing soccer with Hispanic immigrants?
Where was his older brother Ryan was offer a tryout for the Texans, an elite youth soccer club, and brought Clint, who was noticed and recruited while passing time juggling a ball on the sidelines?
Who became a standout on the team at an early age but had to quit due to his family's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
When did on Dempsey lose his then 16 - year - old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?
When did on November 27, 1995, Dempsey lose his then sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?
Who was devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?
Who was born in Nacogdoches , Texa?
Where was Dempsey was bear?
how old was Dempsey's sister when she was lost?
where was Dempsey born in?
what did Dempsey do on November 27, 1995?
