Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 57, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 8, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 8, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 5, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('S', 'S'): 4, ('PP', 'VP'): 2, ('DT', 'NNP'): 1, (): 1, ('SQ',): 1, ('NP', 'S', 'CC', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'VP'): 1, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'CC', 'S', 'S'): 1, ('S',): 1, ('NNP',): 1, ('IN', 'S'): 1, ('PP',): 1, ('NP', 'PP', 'VP'): 1})
What organization goes on to become a major Hollywood star?
Who became the most awarded French film in history?
What received highly positive reviews from critics and won many accolades?
When tells Valentin Valentin only wanted to help Valentin?
What are heard panting?
When do Best Film was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won five, including Best Picture for Langmann, Best Director for Hazanavicius, and Best Actor for Dujardin, making Dujardin the first French actor ever to win for Best?
Who won the best Actor Award at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, where the film premiered?
Who decides to produce and direct Al Zimmer's own silent film, financing Al Zimmer Al Zimmer?
What reacts with humor to the accident and shows off with Peppy for the cameras?
Where asks for Clifton to be moved to Clifton's house to recuperate?
What is a 2011 French romantic comedy-drama in the style of a black-and-white silent film?
When opens on the same day as Peppy's new sound film as well as the 1929 Stock Market Crash?
Who took four months to write?
Who was written, directed, and co-edited by Michel Hazanavicius, produced by Thomas Langmann and starred Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo?
When pulls back to the sounds of the film crew as Valentin prepare to shoot another take?
What organization calls out audibly, " Cut ! " to which Zimmer adds: " Perfect?
What organization awakens in a bed at Clifton's house, to find that Clifton is now working for Peppy?
Who visits the hospital and discovers that the film Clifton rescued is the one with Clifton dancing together?
Who was also the first film presented in the 4:3 aspect ratio to win since 1953's from Here to Eternity?
Who was Douglas Fairbanks?
Who show great chemistry, despite Al Zimmer being merely an extra?
When do As the nitrate film quickly blazes out of control Clifton is overwhelmed by the smoke and passes out inside the burning house, still clutching a single film?
Who seems to remain dismissive of Peppy having taken Clifton in, prompting Clifton to sternly remind Valentin of Clifton's changing luck?
Who included both French and American members?
Who insists to Zimmer that Valentin co-star in Clifton's next film, threatening to quit Kinograph if Zimmer does not agree to Kinograph's terms?
Who hears sound for the second time, as the film starts rolling for a dance scene with Peppy and Valentin and Valentin's tap-dancing can be heard?
What returns in despair to Valentin's burnt-out apartment?
When do Now the audience hears sound for the second time, as the film starts rolling for a dance scene with Peppy and Valentin and Valentin 's tap-dancing can be?
What created the wardrobe for the film's cast?
What was shot in color by cinematographer Guillaume Schiffman?
When do ?
Who provided the location for the film's distinctive staircase sequence?
Who was also the first French film to ever win best Picture, and the first mainly silent film to win since 1927's Wings won at the 1st Academy Awards in 1929?
Who was released on 21 October 2011 through Sony Classical Records?
Who is silent, except for two brief scenes with sound as well as the non-diegetic soundtrack?
What organization as a dancer and is spotted by Valentin, who insists that Peppy Miller have a part in Kinograph Studios' next production, despite objections from the studio boss, Al Zimmer?
When was on 12 October 2011 through Warner Bros?
Who were calibrated to aesthetically match silent films of the period?
What organization premiered on 15 May 2011 in competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival?
Who took place during six days in April 2011 at Flagey's Studio 4 in Brussels?
What takes place in Hollywood, between 1927 and 1932, and focuses on the relationship of an older silent film star and a rising young actress as silent cinema falls out of fashion and is replaced by the " talkies "?
What chose the form of the melodrama, mostly because Hazanivicius thought many of the films from the silent era which have aged best are melodramas?
Who was written in 1936 although the film is set between 1927 and 1932?
What organization was nominated for six Golden Globes, the most of any 2011 film, and won three: best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, best Original Score, and best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for Dujardin?
What was also re-released in Belgium on 22 February 2012?
Where was nominated for ten Academy Awards and won five, including best Picture for Langmann, best Director for Hazanavicius, and best Actor for Dujardin, making Dujardin the first French actor ever to win for best Actor?
What was largely composed by Ludovic Bource, but includes works by other composers such as Alberto Ginastera's " Estancia "?
What was initially given limited release in the United States on 23 November 2011?
What did extensive research about 1920s Hollywood, and studied silent films to find the right techniques to make the story comprehensible without having to use too many intertitles?
Where is set to Bernard Herrmann's " Scène d'amour " from Bernard Herrman n's' score to Alfred Hitchcock's film Vertigo?
When started with Hazanavicius' desire to work again with actors Jean Dujardin and Bérénice Bejo, Hazanivicius's wife, who had both starred in OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies?
Where began in November 2010, taking place over the course of thirty-five days, made in the 1.33:1 screen ratio commonly used in the silent film era?
What bought the distribution rights for the United States and Australia and Entertainment Film Distributors bought the UK distribution?
When were shot in Los Angeles, primarily in Hollywood, but also in downtown theaters, restaurants and houses, including the one in which Mary Pickford lived?
When was released in the UK on 28 May 2012?
What argued that while Jean Dujardin carried the film, Bejo's performance was disappointing?
Where was released on region 1 DVD and Blu-ray on 26 June 2012?
What organization was initially announced as an out of competition entry, but was moved to the competition a week before the festival opened?
Where was produced by La Petite Reine and ARP Sélection for 13.47 million euro, including co-production support from Studio 37 and France 3 Cinéma, and pre-sales investment from Canal + and CinéCinéma?
What grossed $ 44,671,682 in North America, along with $ 88,761,174 in other territories for a worldwide total of $ 133,432,856?
Who ’ recent book Douglas Fairbanks by Jeffrey Vance, as well as the Academy ’s Douglas Fairbanks exhibition and screening events both in Los Angeles and New York City, afforded Hollywood ’s first swashbuckling hero and the Academy's first president some significant media attention?
Who appeared on the week's top 10 chart and got an increase of 34 % while expanding Box's release from 966 theaters to 1,756?
What organization received ten nominations, winning five awards, including best Picture, best Director for Hazanavicius, best Actor in a Leading Role for Jean Dujardin, best Costume Design, and best Original Score?
What took seventeen takes, and required Dujardin and Bejo to spend five months studying tap dancing, with Dujardin claiming that " in the first week Dujardin's fun, the fifth week Dujardin's a little boring, at the end Dujardin's thrilling "?
What described how the film " had Peter Bradshaw on Peter Bradshaw's feet cheering throughout the final credits " and stated " Peter Bradshaw ca n't wait to see Peter Bradshaw again "?
