Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 89, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 29, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 12, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 10, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 8, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 6, ('NP', 'PP'): 5, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('PP', 'NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 3, ('ADVP', 'VP'): 2, ('VP',): 2, ('S', 'RB', 'S'): 2, ('S', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 2, ('ADVP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 2, ('S',): 2, ('S', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('IN', 'NP'): 1, ('S', 'NP'): 1, ('S', 'ADVP', 'ADJP', 'ADVP', 'S', 'VP'): 1, ('SBAR', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'VP', 'NP'): 1, ('PP', 'NP'): 1, ('CC', 'SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'NP', 'PP', 'NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('NNP', 'NNP'): 1, ('PP', 'NP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'S'): 1, ('SBAR', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'PP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'S'): 1})
What tell the story of Jamal, Kaun Banega Crorepati's brother Salim and Latika?
What is reluctant out of fear of Javed, but agrees and escapes?
What won seven BAFTA Awards including best Film, five Critics' Choice Awards and four Golden Globes?
What bluffs Salim's way into Javed's residence and reunites with Latika?
What manages to get a job with Javed — Maman's rival crime lord?
What promises to wait for Javed every day at 5 o'clock at the VT station?
What is accused of cheating?
When do These flashbacks tell the story of Jamal, Kaun Banega Crorepati 's brother Salim and?
What meet Latika, another child from Latika's slum?
When do In each flashback Jamal has a point to remember one person, or song, or different things that lead to the right answer of one of the?
Who loses contact with Latika when Javed moves to another house, outside Mumbai?
What recounts Juhu's history, illustrating how Juhu is able to answer each question?
Who asks Javed to forget about Javed?
When do As Amitabh Bachchan flee the riot, Amitabh Bachchan meet Latika, another child from Latika 's?
What recounts, through flashbacks, the incidents in Kaun Banega Crorepati's life which provided Kaun Banega Crorepati with each answer?
What attacks Salim, who then pleads for forgiveness, and lets Salim stay in Salim's luxurious apartment?
What becomes a contestant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?, knowing that Javed watches the show regularly?
Who is, by coincidence, the name of the third musketeer in the Three Musketeers, which Javed never learned?
Who uses Javed's Phone-A-Friend lifeline to call Salim's cell, as Salim is the only phone number Salim knows?
What is a 2008 British drama film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Simon Beaufoy, co-directed in India by Loveleen Tandan, and produced by Christian Colson?
What hears Latika on the show and realizes that Salim has betrayed Salim?
What wanted Indian actor Shahrukh Khan to play the role?
What flees with Jamal and Latika to a departing train?
When do Latika is reluctant out of fear of Javed, but agrees and?
Who fills a bathtub with money and sits in Salim, waiting for Javed and Javed's men when Javed realise Javed let Latika go?
What was an Indian model who had not starred in a feature film before?
What began on 5 November 2007?
What came on board to oversee casting globally?
What was appointed to cast out of the US?
What stepped up with $ 5 million and won rights to the picture?
What has also starred as a guest on the show with Amitabh Bachchan and won Rs 5,000,000?
What meet on the platform at the railway station; Salim kiss, and to the song " Jai Ho " Jai Ho dance energetically?
What has cited other Indian films as influences in later interviews?
What has cited the influence of several Bollywood films set in Mumbai?
What had hosted the 2007 series of Kaun Banega Crorepati, the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
What was projected to cost $ 15 million, so Celador sought a US film distributor to share costs?
What decided to translate nearly a third of the film's English dialogue into Hindi?
What fell far short of what producer Christian Colson was asking for?
What had worked with Boyle throughout Stevens' career and was well known for discovering new talent?
What asked Slumdog to pen the Hindi dialogues which Slumdog, of course, instantly agreed to do?
What begin with Salim's managing, at age five, to obtain the autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan, which Amitabh Bachchan's brother then sells, followed immediately by the death of Amitabh Bachchan's mother during the Bombay Riots?
What travelled to Mumbai in September 2007 with a partial crew and began hiring local cast and crew for production in Karjat?
What was produced by Icon Film Distribution?
What does not include Blu-ray sales / DVD rentals?
What hesitated, since Slumdog Millionaire was not interested in making a film about Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?, which was produced by Celador?
What were issued by Fox and Amazon?
What has referred to Slumdog Millionaire as a homage to Hindi commercial cinema, noting that " Simon Beaufoy studied Salim-Javed's kind of cinema minutely?
What has grossed over $ 140 million at the North American box office?
What doubted the commercial prospects of Slumdog Millionaire and suggested that Slumdog Millionaire would go straight to DVD without a US theatrical release?
What was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on 31 March 2009?
What owned the international rights to Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
What opened at No. 2 in the DVD sales chart, making $ 14.16 m off 842,000 DVD units?
What expanded into wide release on 25 December 2008 at 614 theatres and earned $ 5,647,007 over the extended Christmas weekend?
What was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 1 June 2009?
What include " the fantasy sequences " and the montage sequence where " the brothers jump off a train and suddenly Deewaar are seven years older "?
What debuted with a limited North American release on 12 November 2008, followed by a nationwide release in the United States on 23 January 2009?
What was released in the United Kingdom on 9 January 2009, and opened at No. 2 at the UK box office?
What grossed £ 6.1 million in Slumdog Millionaire's first eleven days of release in the UK?
What did n't want any exaggerated dubbing?
What wanted a young unspoilt voice?
What was first shown at the Telluride Film Festival on 30 August 2008, where Slumdog Millionaire was positively received by audiences, generating " strong buzz "?
What noted that some scenes of the film " are like Deewaar, the story of two brothers of whom one is completely after money while the younger one is honest and not interested in money?
What increased by 61 % and 73 % respectively?
What was Shahrukh Khan, an established Bollywood star and host of the 2007 series of Kaun Banega Crorepati (the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
What came after Slumdog Millionaire won four Golden Globes and received eleven BAFTA nominations?
What reached No. 1 in Slumdog Millionaire's second weekend and set a UK box office record, as the film's takings increased by 47 %?
What screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on 7 September 2008, where Slumdog Millionaire was " the first widely acknowledged popular success " of the festival, winning the People's Choice Award?
What was released in Sweden on 6 March 2009 and in Germany on 19 March 2009?
What is the " biggest ever increase for a UK saturation release, " breaking " the record previously held by Billy Elliot '​s 13 %?
What organization was in Italy, where Slumdog Millionaire was up 556 % from the previous week?
What is a crime film based on the Bombay gangster Haji Mastan, portrayed by Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan, whose autograph Jamal seeks at the beginning of Slumdog Millionaire?
What led to Slumdog Millionaire seeing large increases in takings elsewhere in Europe the following week?
What is 8.4/10?
What has also stated that the chase in one of the opening scenes of Slumdog Millionaire was based on a " 12-minute police chase through the crowded Dharavi slum " in Black Friday (2007) (adapted from Hussein Zaidi's book of the same name about the 1993 Bombay bombings)?
What got a boy from Chembur, Pratik Motwani to dub for the male lead Dev Patel?
What was met with near universal critical acclaim?
What panned Peter Bradshaw?
What have offered Spider's opinions about the film's performance at the Indian box office?
What was also released in India in addition to the original version of the film?
What commented, " There was a problem with the title Komal Nahta?
What organization released 351 prints of the film across India for Fox Searchlight's full release there on 23 January 2009?
What was critically acclaimed, named in the top ten lists of various newspapers?
What stated, " All the actors from the original English including Anil Kapoor, Irrfan Khan and Ankur Vikal dubbed the film?
What has been subject to serious academic criticism?
What increased by another 7 % the following weekend, bringing the film's gross up to £ 10.24 million for Slumdog Millionaire's first seventeen days in the UK, and up to £ 14.2 million in Slumdog Millionaire's third week?
What led to Slumdog Crorepati seeing large increases in takings in the Asia-Pacific region?
What organization is the eighth film ever to win eight Academy Awards and the eleventh best Picture Oscar winner without a single acting nomination?
What was also dubbed in Tamil as Naanum Kodeeswaran, with Silambarasan dubbing for Patel, while S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and Radha Ravi dubbed for Kapoor and Khan respectively?
What was released on M.I.A.'s record label N.E.E.T..?
What states that, " Slumdog Millionaire has a problem in Slumdog Millionaire's storytelling?
What earned ₹ 23,545,665 (equivalent to ₹ 35 million or US $ 510,000 in 2016) in Fox Searchlight's first week at the Indian box office, or $ 2.2 million according to Fox Searchlight?
What had previously been announced that 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment would be starting a new marketing program with two versions of each release: a stripped-down minimal version for the rental market, and a traditional full version with " bonus extra " features, such as commentary and " making of " material for the retail market?
What commented that " to hear slum boys speaking perfect English does n't seem right but when Anil Kapoor are speaking in Hindi, the film seems much more believable?
What was released in Japan on 18 April 2009, South Korea on 19 March 2009, China on 26 March 2009, Vietnam on 10 April 2009, and 11 April 2009 in the Philippines?
What unfolds in a start-and-stop way that kills suspense, leans heavily on flashbacks and robs the movie of most of Slumdog Millionaire's velocity?
What shows that the film appeared in 123 different top ten lists, out of 286 different critics lists surveyed, the 3rd most mentions on a top ten list of any film released in 2008?
What was composed by A. R. Rahman, who planned the score for over two months and completed A. R. Rahman in two weeks?
What has stirred controversy on a few issues including the welfare and illegal housing of D. Parthasarathy's child actors and D. Parthasarathy's portrayals of Indian communities?
What is therefore likely to support policies that have tended to further dispossess the slum dwellers in terms of material goods, power and dignity?
What called Eric Hynes " bombastic ", " a noisy, sub-Dickens update on the romantic tramp's tale " and " a goofy picaresque to rival Forrest Gump in Forrest Gump's morality and romanticism?
Who raises substantial doubts about both the realism of the film's portrayal of urban poverty in India and whether the film will assist those arguing for the poor?
What has been honoured by a nomination at the prestigious 2009 Rushes Soho Shorts Film Festival in the' Broadcast Design Award' category in competition with the likes of the Match of the Day Euro 2008 titles by Aardman and two projects by Agenda Collective?
What is seen by D. Parthasarathy (2009) as reflecting a larger context of global cultural flows, which implicates issues of labour, status, ascription-achievement, and poverty in urban India?
What won the 2009 Golden Globe Award for best Original Score and won two out of three nominations for the Academy Awards, including one for best Original Score and one for best Original Song for Jai Ho?
What won seven of the eleven BAFTA Awards for which Slumdog Millionaire was nominated, including best Film; all four of the Golden Globe Awards for which best Film was nominated, including best Drama Film; and five of the six Critics' Choice Awards for which best Drama Film was nominated?
What has said that Danny Boyle chose Rahman because " not only does Rahman draw on Indian classical music, but Rahman's got R&B and hip hop coming in from America, house music coming in from Europe and this incredible fusion is created?
What argues for a better understanding of issues of dignity of labour and that the film should be interpreted in a more nuanced way as reflecting the role of market forces and India ’s new service economy in transforming the caste and status determined opportunity structure in urban India?
