Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 43, ('NP', 'PP'): 10, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 4, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 3, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 3, ('S', 'VP'): 3, ('NNP',): 2, ('PP', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 2, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'NP'): 1, ('SBAR', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'CC', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('CC', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'S', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('S', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('S', 'S'): 1})
What returns to the gym?
What is finally willing to arrange a title fight?
Who sneaks in one night, unaware that Scrap is watching from the shadows?
What opened to wide acclaim from critics, and won four Academy Awards, including best Picture?
What comes to establish a paternal bond with Maggie, who substitutes for Frankie's estranged daughter?
What is a 2004 American sports drama film directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood, and starring Eastwood, Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman?
What warns Mickey Mack that Mickey Mack will teach Mickey Mack only the basics and then find Mickey Mack a manager?
What rejected the project even when Eastwood signed on as actor and director?
What is revealed to be a letter to Frankie's daughter, informing Scrap of Scrap's father's true character?
What shows Frankie sitting at the counter of a diner where Maggie once took Frankie?
What would not agree to a US$30 million budget?
Who signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming impatient with Dunn's rejecting offers for a championship bout?
What shot the film in less than 40 days between June and July 2004?
What took place in Los Angeles and film sets at Warner Bros?
What accepts a fight for Frankie against a top-ranked opponent in the UK, where Frankie bestows a Gaelic nickname on Frankie?
What was stuck in so-called " development hell " for years before Don Familton was shot?
What was written by Paul Haggis, based on short stories by F.X. Toole, the pen name of fight manager and " cutman " Jerry Boyd?
Who encourages and helps Eddie " Scrap-Iron " Dupris?
What played in theaters for six and a half months?
What works out tirelessly each day in Frankie's gym, even after Frankie tells Frankie Frankie's " too old " to begin a boxing career at Frankie's age?
What arranges a meeting for Frankie with Mickey Mack at a diner on Mickey Mack's 33rd birthday?
What asks a favor of Frankie: to help Frankie's die, declaring that Frankie got everything Frankie wanted out of life?
Who was blinded in one eye in Dunn's 109th, and last, fight?
What was from a nose art on a World War II Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bomber?
What had a limited release, opening in eight theaters in December 2004?
What shows up in the Hit Pit, a run-down Los Angeles gym owned and operated by Frankie Dunn, an old, cantankerous boxing trainer?
What trained for nearly five hours every day, winding up with potentially life-threatening staphylococcus infection?
What orders Frankie to leave, threatening to sell the house and inform the IRS of Frankie's mother's welfare fraud if Frankie ever show Frankie's faces again?
Who persuaded Lakeshore Entertainment's Tom Rosenberg to put up half the budget (as well as handle foreign distribution), with Warner Bros?
What organization responded to the criticism by saying the film was about the American dream?
What was issued on April 18, 2006?
What was released on November 14, 2006?
What grossed $ 216,763,646 in theaters; $ 100,492,203 in the United States, and $ 116,271,443 overseas?
What secures Maggie a $ 1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada against the WBA women's welterweight champion, Billie " the Blue Bear ", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty fighter?
What is translated in the film as " Mo Cuishle's darling, Mo Cuishle's blood "?
What is about an underappreciated boxing trainer, the mistakes that haunt Hilary Swank from Hilary Swank's past, and Hilary Swank's quest for atonement by helping an underdog amateur boxer achieve Hilary Swank's dream of becoming a professional?
What is shown experiencing the first three of the five stages of grief: first seeking multiple doctors' opinions in denial, then blaming Scrap in anger and later trying to bargain with God through prayer?
What did not tell Eastwood about the infection because Grant L Roberts thought Grant L Roberts would be out of character for Maggie?
What lands hard on Maggie, breaking Maggie's neck and leaving Maggie a ventilator-dependent quadriplegic?
When do Box grossed $ 216,763,646 in theaters ; $ 100,492,203 in the United States, and $ 116,271,443?
What is short for a chuisle mo chroí, meaning " O pulse of Mo Cuishle's heart "?
What is classical in the clean, clear, strong lines of Roger Ebert's story and characters, and had an enormous emotional impact "?
Who had Tom Rosenberg's daughter Morgan Colette appear in a brief role as a girl who waves to Swank's character at a gas station?
What received best Actress in a Leading Role and best Actor in a Supporting Role Oscars, respectively?
What was awarded Clint Eastwood's second best Director Oscar, for the film, and also received a best Actor in a Leading Role nomination?
What stated that " a movie is not good or bad because of Roger Ebert's content, but because of how Roger Ebert handles Roger Ebert's content?
What has also been praised for stirring interest in the Irish language in the U.S. Million Dollar Baby received the award for best Picture of 2004 at the 77th Academy Awards?
What criticized the fact that the phrase Mo Chuisle, a term of endearment meaning Roger Ebert's pulse, was misspelled in the film as Mo Cuishle, as shown on the back of Maggie's robe?
