Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 223, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 55, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 30, ('S', 'S'): 29, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 23, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 16, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 13, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 10, ('S',): 8, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('NP', 'SBAR'): 4, ('S', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 3, ('S', 'VP'): 3, ('NNP',): 3, ('S', 'S', 'S'): 3, ('S', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 2, ('NP', 'PP', 'VP'): 2, ('ADVP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 2, ('PP', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 2, ('IN', 'S'): 2, ('NP', 'CC', 'NP'): 1, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'ADVP', 'SBARQ'): 1, ('RB', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('CC', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('NP', 'NN'): 1, ('SBAR', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('VP',): 1, ('PP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('CC', 'S', 'RB', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'S', 'VP'): 1, ('NP', 'ADJP'): 1, ('IN', 'NP'): 1, ('NP', 'PP'): 1, ('JJ', 'NN'): 1, ('PP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('NNP', 'NNP'): 1, ('NP',): 1, ('S', 'CC', 'SBAR'): 1, ('SBAR',): 1, ('S', 'CC', 'SINV'): 1, ('PP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1})
What is in a civil war?
What offers Luke Luke's father's lightsaber, a Jedi weapon?
What led to the production of two sequels?
Who awards Luke and Han with medals for Luke's heroism?
What was released theatrically in the United States on May 25, 1977?
What was added to the US National Recording Registry 15 years later?
What favored casting young actors who lacked long experience?
What received ten Academy Award nominations (including best Picture), winning seven?
What flees to the surface of the desert planet Tatooine with fellow droid C-3PO?
What co-star in supporting roles?
What is captured by the Death Star's tractor beam and brought into Grand Moff Tarkin's hangar bay?
What invites Luke to accompany Luke to Alderaan and learn the ways of the Force?
What allows Vader to be killed?
When do Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi also launched an industry of media tie- in products, including TV series spinoffs, novels, comic books, and video games, as well as various other merchandise, such as toys, games, clothing, and other?
What found the dialogue to be extremely odd because of Hamill's universe-embedded concepts?
When do The film 's massive success led to the production of two?
What analyze the Death Star plans and identify a vulnerable exhaust port that connects to the station's main reactor?
What earned $ 461 million in the US and $ 314 million overseas, totaling $ 775 million?
What (later retitled Star Wars Episode IV: a New Hope) is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas?
What had previously worked with the director on American Graffiti?
What have stolen plans to the Galactic Empire's Death Star, a heavily armed space station capable of destroying planets?
What escapes the Death Star, unknowingly carrying a tracking device which the Empire follows to the rebels' hidden base on Yavin IV?
What hides the plans in the memory of an astromech droid, R2-D2, along with a holographic recording?
When do Contrary to Jedi Knight 's uncle 's statements, Luke learns that Luke 's father fought alongside Obi-Wan as a Jedi Knight before Jedi Knight was betrayed and killed by Vader, Obi-Wan 's former pupil who turned to the dark side of the?
Who hire smuggler Han Solo and Han Solo's Wookiee first mate Chewbacca to transport Chewbacca on Han's ship, the Millennium Falcon?
What is the second-highest-grossing film in North America, and the third-highest-grossing film in the world?
When do Obi-Wan views Leia 's complete message in which Jedi begs Jedi to take the Death Star plans to Jedi's home planet of Alderaan and give Jedi to Jedi 's father for?
What are captured by Jawa traders, who sell Jawa to moisture farmers Owen and Beru and Owen's nephew, Luke Skywalker?
Who surpassed Jaws (1975) to become the highest-grossing film of all time, until the release of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982)?
What focuses on the Rebel Alliance, led by Princess Leia (Fisher), and Peter Mayhew's attempt to destroy the Galactic Empire's space station, the Death Star?
Who joins the rebel assault squadron, while Han collects Luke's payment for the transport and intends to leave despite Luke's request that Luke stay and help?
What read for the voice of the droid?
What was cast under the condition that Carrie Fisher lose 10 pounds for the role?
What 'm raised in England?
Who declines, but changes Luke's mind after discovering that Imperial stormtroopers searching for C-3 PO and R2-D2 have destroyed Luke's home and killed Luke's aunt and uncle?
What goes' Hmm [looked up]?
Who views Leia's complete message in which Jedi begs Jedi to take the Death Star plans to Jedi's home planet of Alderaan and give Jedi to Jedi's father for analysis?
What developed from that idea?
What launched an industry of media tie-in products, including TV series spinoffs, novels, comic books, and video games, as well as various other merchandise, such as toys, games, clothing, and other paraphernalia?
What stand up?
When do Lucas was eventually won over by Ford 's portrayal and cast Chewbacca instead of Kurt Russell, Nick Nolte, Sylvester Stallone, Bill Murray, Christopher Walken, Burt Reynolds, Jack Nicholson, Al Pacino, Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Billy Dee Williams ( who later played Lando Calrissian in the sequels ), or Perry King ( who later played Han Solo in the radio plays?
What passed on Lucas's?
What disrupts the isolated life of farmhand Luke Skywalker (Hamill) who inadvertently acquires a pair of robots (known as droids in-universe) that possess stolen architectural plans for the Death Star?
What was actually eligible for either of the two roles: Chewbacca or Darth Vader?
What said, " Chewbacca sat down on one of the sofas, waiting for George?
What tells Luke of Ben Kenobi's days as a Jedi Knight, one of a faction of former galactic peacekeepers with supernatural powers derived from an energy called the Force who were wiped out by the Empire?
What co-piloted with Chewbacca?
What intended for Orson Welles to voice Vader (after dismissing using Prowse's own voice due to Vader's English West Country accent)?
What auditioned for the role of Princess Leia, including Amy Irving, Terri Nunn (also a singer), Cindy Williams, Karen Allen, and Jodie Foster?
What envisioned Flash Gordon's own space opera and called Flash Gordon the Star Wars?
What learned of a casting call for Star Wars, which was filming in London, and decided to audition?
What agrees to accompany Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi (Guinness) on a mission to return the Death Star plans to the Rebel Alliance and save the galaxy from the tyranny of the Galactic Empire?
When do Chewbacca said, " Chewbacca sat down on one of the sofas, waiting for?
What was immediately cast as Chewbacca after Chewbacca stood up to greet Lucas?
What were also concerns regarding the project's potentially high budget?
What modeled David Prowse's performance of Chewbacca after the mannerisms of animals Chewbacca saw at public zoos.?
What revived others decades later when Flash Gordon wrote Flash Gordon's prequel trilogy?
What was the first story in this genre that Edwin Arnold have been able to trace?
What are very low budget by Hollywood standards at the time?
What gave Lucas $ 150,000 to write and direct the film?
What incorporated ideas from many new sources?
What became Luke's father, a wise Jedi knight?
Who said, " George Lucas saw George Lucas come in and said' George Lucas 'll do' because George Lucas was the smallest guy George Lucas 'd seen up until then?
What envisioned the Corellian smuggler, Han Solo, as a large, green-skinned monster with gills?
What believed that Lucas was talented?
When do United Artists also passed?
What stated that Ladd " invested in Ladd, Ladd did not invest in the movie?
What would write four different screenplays for Star Wars, " searching for just the right ingredients, characters and storyline?
What began researching the science fiction genre by watching films and reading books and comics?
What been what Ladd might call a good idea in search of a story?
What had some differences from the final version in the characters and relationships?
What ended with another text crawl, previewing the next story in the series?
What discovered that Flash Gordon 'd got Flash Gordon's inspiration from the works of Edgar Rice Burroughs (author of Tarzan) and especially from Edgar Rice Burroughs' John Carter of Mars series books?
What read through that series, then found that what had sparked Burroughs off was a science-fantasy called Gulliver on Mars, written by Edwin Arnold and published in 1905?
Who began writing in January 1973, " eight hours a day, five days a week ", by taking small notes, inventing odd names and assigning Flash Gordon possible characterizations?
What 's like a poem?
What became more of a fairy tale quest as opposed to the action-adventure of the previous versions?
What goes on forever?
What was titled the Star Wars: from the Adventures of Luke Starkiller?
What included several of McQuarrie's paintings?
When do Lucas began researching the science fiction genre by watching films and reading books and?
What had most of the elements of the final plot, with only some differences in the characters and settings?
Who turned down the role three times, hesitant to appear in a film where George Lucas' face would not be shown and hoping to continue the success of George Lucas' comedy act, which had recently started to be televised?
What completed a second draft of the Star Wars in January 1975, making heavy simplifications and introducing the young hero on a farm as Luke Starkiller?
What showed Skywalker's draft to Skywalker's friends?
What worked with Luke Starkiller's friends Gloria Katz and Willard Huyck to revise the fourth draft into the final pre-production script?
What recounted in 1999, " [George] was very depressed because Flash Gordon had just come back and Flash Gordon would n't sell Flash Gordon Flash Gordon?
Who finished writing Lucas' script in March 1976, when the crew started filming?
What used these initial names and ideas to compile a two-page synopsis titled Journal of the Whills, which told the tale of the training of apprentice CJ Thorpe as a " Jedi-Bendu " space commando by the legendary Mace Windu?
What was eventually won over by Ford's portrayal and cast Chewbacca instead of Kurt Russell, Nick Nolte, Sylvester Stallone, Bill Murray, Christopher Walken, Burt Reynolds, Jack Nicholson, Al Pacino, Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Billy Dee Williams (who later played Lando Calrissian in the sequels), or Perry King (who later played Han Solo in the radio plays)?
What characterized Luke as an only child, with Luke's father already dead, replacing Luke with a substitute named Ben Kenobi?
What helped to edit the text into the form used in the film?
What said, " Flash Gordon 've always had this idea?
Who 'm trying to make a classic sort of genre picture, a classic space fantasy in which all the influences are working together?
What started working with the director before Star Wars was approved by 20th Century Fox?
What began designing the props and sets at Elstree Studios?
What would be re-written for the fourth and final draft, dated January 1, 1976, as the Adventures of Luke Starkiller as taken from the Journal of the Whills, Saga I: the Star Wars?
What used to do Flash Gordon with models when Flash Gordon was a kid?
What wanted the interior of the Falcon to look like that of a submarine?
What was inadequate?
When do Brian De Palma goes on?
Who said, " What finally emerged through the many drafts of the script has obviously been influenced by science-fiction and action-adventure Lucas 've read and seen?
What organization described Brian De Palma: " the crawl at the beginning looks like Brian De Palma was written on a driveway?
What found scrap airplane metal " that no one wanted in those days and bought Barry "?
Who recounted what De Palma said the first time De Palma saw De Palma: " George, De Palma 're out of De Palma's mind?
What began Barry's work on Star Wars in a warehouse in Van Nuys, California?
What said, " the crawl is such a hard thing because Skywalker have to be careful that Skywalker 're not using too many words that people do n't understand?
What was forced to use unconventional methods and materials to achieve the desired look?
When was Although Lucas initially provided funds using Flash Gordon 's earnings from American Graffiti, Flash Gordon was?
What based Chewbacca on Chewbacca's Alaskan Malamute dog, Indiana (whom Chewbacca would later use as namesake for Chewbacca's character Indiana Jones), who often acted as the director's " co-pilot " by sitting in the passenger seat of Indiana Jones' car?
What would also continue to tweak the script during filming, including adding the death of Obi-Wan after realizing Skywalker served no purpose in the ending of the film?
What helped 20th Century Fox visualize the film, which positively influenced Ralph McQuarrie's decision to fund the project?
What fell behind schedule in the first week of shooting due to malfunctioning props and electronic breakdowns?
What researched all American, North African, and Middle Eastern deserts, and found Tunisia, near the Sahara desert, as the ideal location?
What found Harrison?
What said, " Taylor could n't really see where the land ended and the sky began?
What faced several problems?
When do Originally, Lucas envisioned the planet of Tatooine, where much of the film would take place, as a jungle?
What began Barry's creation process by breaking down jet engines into scrap pieces, giving Barry the chance to " stick Barry in the sets in specific ways "?
What were filmed at Death Valley in North America?
What took Barry several weeks to finish the chess set (which Barry described as " the most encrusted set ") in the hold of the Falcon?
What was later settled by 20th Century Fox executives, who backed Taylor's suggestion?
What made the radio-controlled R2-D2 models run out of control?
What confessed that Baker thought the film would be a failure?
What began in Chott el Djerid, while a construction crew in Tozeur took eight weeks to transform the desert into the desired setting?
What could not see through Anthony Daniels' costume's eyes, which was covered with gold to prevent corrosion?
What used pioneering digital motion control photography developed by John Dykstra and John Dykstra's team, which created the illusion of size by employing small models and slowly moving cameras?
What moved to Matmata to film Luke's home on Tatooine?
When do Anthony Daniels also could not see through Anthony Daniels ' costume 's eyes, which was covered with gold to prevent?
What said that " John Barry were all black and gray, with really no opportunities for lighting at all?
What chose Hotel Sidi Driss, which is larger than the typical underground dwellings, to shoot the interior of Luke's homestead?
What said: " Kenny Baker was incredibly grateful each time an [R2] would actually work right?
What was equally stressful due to increasing pressure from 20th Century Fox?
Who recruited many conceptual designers, including: Colin Cantwell, who worked on 2001: a Space Odyssey (1968), to conceptualize the initial spacecraft models; Alex Tavoularis to create the preliminary conceptual storyboard sketches of early scripts; and Ralph McQuarrie to visualize the characters, costumes, props and scenery?
What inspired George to send a film crew to Guatemala in March 1977 to shoot scenes?
What were shot in London due to Luke's proximity to North Africa and because of the availability of top technical crew at Elstree Studios?
What met with McQuarrie to discuss McQuarrie's plans for the then-untitled space fantasy film McQuarrie wanted to make?
When do Harrison Ford?
What considered the project a " children's film ", rarely took Luke's work seriously, and often found Luke unintentionally humorous?
What shattered down through the plastic covering Anthony Daniels' left foot, stabbing Anthony Daniels?
When do John Barry said that " John Barry were all black and gray, with really no opportunities for lighting at all?
What include: Owen and Beru, Luke's uncle and aunt, are portrayed by Phil Brown and Shelagh Fraser, respectively; Jack Purvis, Kenny Baker's partner in Kenny Baker's' London comedy act, appears as the Chief Jawa in the film; Eddie Byrne performs the role of General Vanden Willard, a general during the Galactic Civil War; actors Denis Lawson and Garrick Hagon were cast as rebel pilots Wedge Antilles and Biggs Darklighter (also Luke's childhood friend), respectively; and Don Henderson and Leslie Schofield play Imperial Generals Cassio Tagge and Moradmin Bast, respectively?
What was supported by the Fox studio, which agreed that " John Barry could n't have this' black hole of Calcutta' "?
What was filmed in the Mayan temples at Tikal, Guatemala?
What worked on two reels simultaneously?
What split into three units, with those units led by Lucas, Kurtz, and production supervisor Robert Watts?
What paid locals with a six pack of beer to watch over the camera equipment for several days?
When do The moon Yavin 4, which acted as the rebel base in the film, was filmed in the Mayan temples at Tikal,?
What allowed George to shoot in almost any direction without extensive relighting, which gave George more freedom?
What selected the location as a potential filming site after seeing a poster of George hanging at a travel agency while George was filming in Britain?
What would result in " a' cut-out' system of panel lighting ", with quartz lamps that could be placed in the holes in the walls, ceiling and floors?
What was the only one of Luke's kind in Britain or America that could cater nine large stages at the same time and allow the company complete freedom to use Luke's own personnel?
What found that the pace was dictated by the actors instead of the cuts?
What released?
What were a modified recording of a steel cable, under tension, being struck?
What included the sand dunes of the Tunisian desert near Nafta, where a scene featuring a giant skeleton of a creature lying in the background as R2-D2 and C-3 PO make Taylor's way across the sands was filmed.?
What had spent half of Luke's budget on four shots that Lucas deemed unacceptable?
What created the robotic voice of R2-D2 by filtering Chewbacca's voices through an electronic synthesizer?
What increased the budget from $ 8 million to $ 11 million?
What had a different crawl from the finished version and used Prowse's voice for Darth Vader?
What had created a library of sounds that Lucas referred to as an " organic soundtrack "?
What disappointed Lucas?
What was also pretty hard, because Barry knew Barry had actors in there and the walls had to come in, and Barry had to be in dirty water and Barry had to get stuff that would be light enough so Barry would n't hurt Barry but also not bobbing around "?
What inspired ILM by editing together aerial dogfights from old war films, which enhanced the pacing of the scenes?
What was achieved by Burtt breathing through the mask of a scuba regulator implanted with a microphone?
What said that the group was honest and seemed bemused by the film?
Who discovered the latter accidentally as Ben Burtt was looking for a buzzing, sparking sound to add to the projector-motor hum?
What was released as a double LP in 1977 by 20th Century Records?
What found the experience shocking and rewarding, having never gained any approval from studio executives before?
What was later re-instated in the 1997 Special Edition with a computer-generated version of Jabba?
Who wanted a grand musical sound for Star Wars, with leitmotifs to provide distinction?
What had worked with Spielberg on the film Jaws, for which Spielberg won an Academy Award?
What ranks the Star Wars soundtrack at number one?
What has also been compared to the Wizard of Oz?
Who hired Charles Lippincott as marketing director for Star Wars?
What allowed Richard Chew's then-wife, Marcia Lucas, to aid the editing process while Marcia Lucas was cutting the film New York, New York (1977) with Lucas's friend Martin Scorsese?
What was developed by Burtt as a combination of the hum of idling interlock motors in aged movie projectors and interference caused by a television set on a shieldless microphone?
What were included in Lucas's temporary dogfight footage version of the sequence?
What said in 2002, " that would be laughable today?
What has a docking bay reminiscent of the one on the orbiting space station in 2001?
What had doubts if Star Wars would emerge successful?
What disagreed, and felt Lucas's Star Wars would be the bigger hit?
What was not able to predict how successful Star Wars would be?
What took the trade, and still receives 2.5 % of the profits from Star Wars?
What proposed Spielberg trade 2.5 % of the profit on each other's films?
What believed that the lack of enthusiasm was due to the absence of finished special effects?
What influenced the look of Star Wars in many other ways, including the use of EVA pods and hexagonal corridors?
What debuted on Wednesday, May 25, 1977, in fewer than 32 theaters, and eight more on Thursday and Friday?
What was still skeptical of the film's success despite Ladd and the studio's enthusiastic reports?
What premiered in the UK on December 27, 1977?
What was a huge success for the studio, and was credited for reinvigorating Francis Ford Coppola?
What was originally released with the title Star Wars?
What runs 124 minutes?
What was re-released theatrically in 1978, 1979, 1981, 1982?
What used Charles Lippincott's contacts to promote the film at the San Diego Comic-Con and elsewhere within science fiction fandom?
What is a reference to the scene introducing the interplanetary spacecraft Discovery One in Stanley Kubrick's seminal 1968 film 2001: a Space Odyssey?
What became anxious during the premiere in Japan?
When did Even technical crew members, such as model makers, were asked for autographs, and cast members became instant household names ; when Ford visited a record store to buy an album, enthusiastic fans tore half Francis Ford Coppola 's shirt off?
What were added starting with the film's theatrical re-release on April 10, 1981?
What contains the documentary Empire of Dreams?
What features several parallels to Flash Gordon, such as the conflict between Rebels and Imperial Forces, the wipes between scenes, the fusion of futuristic technology and traditional mythology, and the famous opening crawl that begins each film?
What was scanned into the computer for restoration?
When was After the screening, the audience was silent, leading Ladd to fear that the film would be?
What was supposed to be the studio's big summer hit, while Lucas' movie was considered the " B track " for theater owners nationwide?
What believe that Lucas degraded the film with the additions?
When do Star Wars premiered in the UK on December 27,?
What features a commentary track from Lucas, Ben Burtt, Dennis Muren, and Carrie Fisher?
What encountered a long line of people along the sidewalks leading to Mann's Chinese Theatre, waiting to see Star Wars?
When do The subtitles Episode IV and A New Hope were added starting with the film 's theatrical re-release on April 10,?
What led to problems with colors and digital image jarring?
What required extensive recovery of misplaced footage and restoration of the whole, before Lucas's Special Edition modifications could be attempted?
What debuted on Betamax, LaserDisc, Video 2000, and VHS between the 1980s and 1990s by CBS / Fox Video?
What was modeled after the World War II film the Dam Busters (1955), in which Royal Air Force Lancaster bombers fly along heavily defended reservoirs and aim bouncing bombs at dams, in order to cripple the heavy industry of Germany's Ruhr region?
What was later told by Ladd's local contacts that, in Japan, silence was the greatest honor to a film, and the subsequent strong box office returns confirmed Ladd's popularity?
What remains one of the most financially successful films of all time?
What was reissued in December 2005 as part of a three-disc limited edition boxed set without the bonus disc?
What concluded that digital technology had caught up to Steven Spielberg's' original vision for Star Wars?
When do Fortunately, digital compositing technology allowed Han Solo to correct for problems such as alignment of mattes, " blue-spill ", and so?
What garnered numerous accolades after Peter Keough's release?
Who has no authority to secure Han Solo's selections from authors or copyright holders?
When does While the agency has a mandate to register films for preservation, Han Solo has no authority to secure Han Solo 's selections from authors or copyright holders?
What was met with criticism as the unaltered versions were from the 1993 non-anamorphic LaserDisc masters and were not re-transferred using modern video standards?
What has inspired T-shirts brandishing the phrase " Han Shot First "?
What was released for the first time on DVD on September 21, 2004, in a box set with the Empire Strikes Back, Return of the Jedi, and a bonus disc of supplementary material?
What remained the highest-grossing film of all time until E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial broke that record in 1983?
What is featured in the Academy Award-nominated IMAX documentary film, Special Effects: Anything Can Happen, directed by Star Wars sound designer, Ben Burtt?
What was discovered that in addition to the negative motion picture stocks commonly used on feature films, Lucas had also used internegative film, a reversal stock which deteriorated faster than negative stocks did?
What is considered one of the best film trilogies in history?
What attended a ceremony in which C-3PO, R2-D2 and Darth Vader placed Darth Vader's footprints in the theater's forecourt?
When do ?
What has often stated that the entire trilogy was intended to be considered one film?
What occurred in 1995, as part of " Last Chance to Own the Original " campaign, available as part of a trilogy set and as a standalone purchase?
What organization owned full rights to the original film until Disc sold Disc to Lucas in 1998 in exchange for a lower distribution fee for the prequels and broadcast rights to Episode I?
What won six competitive Academy Awards at the 50th Academy Awards: best Art Direction, best Costume Design, best Film Editing, best Original Score, best Sound and best Visual Effects?
What have also endured presence in popular culture?
What brought Reissues' cumulative gross in Canada and the U.S. to $ 323 million, and extended Reissues' global earnings to $ 530 million?
What have produced episodes satirizing the film series?
What began a new generation of special effects and high-energy motion pictures?
What were released by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment on Blu-ray Disc on September 16, 2011 in three different editions, with a New Hope available in both a box set of the original trilogy and with the other five films on Star Wars?
What was also the subject of the 2010 documentary film the People vs?
What replaced Jaws as the highest-earning film in North America just six months into release, eventually earning over $ 220 million during Fox's initial theatrical run ($ 859 million in 2014 dollars)?
What were also designed to look like R2-D2?
What earned $ 1,554,475 through Fox's opening weekend ($ 6.07 million in 2014 dollars), building up to $ 7 million weekends as Fox entered wide release ($ 27.3 million in 2014 dollars)?
What included Alec Guinness for best Actor in a Supporting Role and George Lucas for best Original Screenplay, best Director, and best Picture, which were instead awarded to Woody Allen's Annie Hall?
What has led to May 4 being regarded by many fans of the franchise as an unofficial Star Wars Day?
What cited Star Wars as an influence when making the 2010 blockbuster film, Inception?
What was voted as the most popular weapon in film history in a survey of approximately 2,000 film fans?
What has appeared on the magazine's cover?
What stated that the story evolved over time and that " There was never a script completed that had the entire story as Richard Chew exists now [in 1983]?
What claimed Spielberg was a " big early supporter " of the vision which would become Star Wars?
What was selected by the Writers Guild of America as the 68th greatest of all time?
What used the concept for Jackson's production of the Lord of the Rings trilogy to add a sense of realism and believability?
What have been box office successes, with the overall box office revenue generated by the Star Wars films (including the theatrical the Clone Wars) totaling $ 4.38 billion, making Blade Runner the fifth highest-grossing film series?
What was one of the first films to link genres together to invent a new, high-concept genre for filmmakers to build upon?
What was voted the second most popular film by Americans in a 2008 nationwide poll conducted by the market research firm, Harris Interactive?
What went to sound designer Ben Burtt and a Scientific and Engineering Award went to John Dykstra for the development of the Dykstraflex Camera (shared with Alvah J. Miller and Jerry Jeffress, who were both granted for the engineering of the Electronic Motion Control System)?
What secured the deal with Del Rey Books to publish the novelization in November 1976?
What was the writer and Howard Chaykin was the artist of the adaptation?
What adapted the story for a children's book-and-record set?
What was published in December 1976, six months before the film was released?
What responded to the sudden demand for toys by selling boxed vouchers in Charles Lippincott's " empty box " Christmas campaign?
What was adapted by E. Jack Kaplan and Cheryl Gard?
What was available for several months after the film's debut, as only Kenner Products had accepted marketing director Charles Lippincott's licensing offers?
What was so successful that, according to Jim Shooter, Jim Shooter " single-handedly saved Marvel ".?
What wrote in Roger Ebert's book the Great Movies, " like the Birth of a Nation and Citizen Kane, Star Wars was a technical watershed that influenced many of the movies that came after?
What adapted the film as the first six issues of Charles Lippincott's licensed Star Wars comic book, with the first issue dated May 1977?
What was produced by George Lucas and Alan Livingston, and was narrated by Roscoe Lee Browne?
What include James Cameron, J.J. Abrams, Damon Lindelof Dean Devlin, Gareth Edwards, Roland Emmerich, John Lasseter, David Fincher, Peter Jackson, Joss Whedon, Christopher Nolan, Ridley Scott, John Singleton, and Kevin Smith?
What contained a cropped frame from the movie with an abridged and condensed version of the story?
What received cooperation from George Lucas, who donated the rights to NPR?
What is a remarkable confection: a subliminal history of the movies, wrapped in a riveting tale of suspense and adventure, ornamented with some of the most ingenious special effects ever contrived for film?
What said that the boxes in the campaign " became the most coveted empty box [es] in the history of retail?
What plugged Spielberg back into the grid, returning the medium to Spielberg's roots as a carnival sideshow, a magic act, one big special effect ", which was " a kind of rebirth "?
What told children and parents that vouchers within a " Star Wars Early Bird Certificate Package " could be redeemed for four action figures between February and June 1978?
What have blamed Star Wars, as well as Jaws, for ruining Hollywood by shifting Christopher Nolan's focus from " sophisticated " films such as the Godfather, Taxi Driver, and Annie Hall to films about spectacle and juvenile fantasy?
What received twelve nominations at the Saturn Awards, winning nine: best Science Fiction Film, best Direction and best Writing for George Lucas, best Supporting Actor for Alec Guinness, best Music for John Williams, best Costume for John Mollo, best Make-up for Rick Baker and Stuart Freeborn, best Special Effects for John Dykstra and John Stears, and Outstanding Editing for Paul Hirsch, Marcia Lucas and Richard Chew?
What was a 1977 record album presenting an abridged version of the events depicted in Star Wars, using dialogue and sound effects from the original film?
What was written by Brian Daley, directed by John Madden, and produced for and broadcast on the American National Public Radio network in 1981?
What ranks first on 100 Years of Film Scores, second on Top 10 Sci-Fi Films, 15th on 100 Years ... 100 Movies (ranked 13th on the updated 10th anniversary edition), 27th on 100 Years ... 100 Thrills, and 39th on 100 Years ... 100 Cheers?
What complained, " When all was said and done, Lucas and Spielberg returned the 1970s audience, grown sophisticated on a diet of European and New Hollywood films, to the simplicities of the pre-1960s Golden Age of movies ... Spielberg marched backward through the looking-glass?
What was first published as Star Wars: from the Adventures of Luke Skywalker; later editions were titled simply Star Wars (1995) and, later, Star Wars: a New Hope (1997), to reflect the retitling of the film?
What featured scenes not seen in the final cut of the film, such as Luke Skywalker's observation of the space battle above Tatooine through binoculars, a skyhopper race, and Darth Vader's interrogation of Princess Leia?
What were influenced by Lucas's concept of the " used future " (where vehicles and culture are obviously dated) and extended the concept for Jackson's films, such as Scott's science fiction films Alien (1979) and Blade Runner (1982), Cameron's acclaimed sequel Aliens (1986) and Aliens' earlier breakthrough film the Terminator (1984)?
What will continue to own theatrical, home video, digital, and broadcast distribution rights to the first film for the foreseeable future?
When do The radio drama featured scenes not seen in the final cut of the film, such as Luke Skywalker 's observation of the space battle above Tatooine through binoculars, a skyhopper race, and Darth Vader 's interrogation of Princess?
