Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 86, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 18, ('NP', 'PP'): 11, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 11, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 6, ('S', 'S'): 5, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 3, ('S',): 2, ('NNS',): 1, ('SBAR', 'S', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('ADVP', 'NP'): 1, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('NNP',): 1, ('PP', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'S', 'S'): 1})
What arrives and embraces Sirius as an old friend?
What has Buckbeak sentenced to death?
What enters the trio's compartment, causing Harry to pass out?
What rescue Sirius, who escapes on Buckbeak?
What believes the mysterious figure is Harry's dead father, and passes out?
What is based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling?
What save Buckbeak from execution and witness the Dementors overpower Sirius and Harry?
What repels the dementor with a Patronus Charm?
What admits to being a werewolf, and explains that Sirius is innocent?
Who has been spending another dissatisfying summer at Privet Drive?
What teaches Harry to defend Harry against dementors, using the Patronus Charm?
What is found ruined and empty?
What discovers that the dog is actually Sirius, who is an Animagus?
What flees with Harry's luggage, fed up with Harry's life with the Dursleys?
Who resigns to preempt an uproar from parents over a werewolf teaching Harry's children?
What awakens to discover that Sirius has been captured and sentenced to the Dementor's Kiss?
What is a 2004 fantasy film directed by Alfonso Cuarón and distributed by Warner Bros?
What was nominated for two Academy Awards, best Original Music Score and best Visual Effects at the 77th Academy Awards in 2005?
What was falsely accused of betraying the Potters' hiding location to Voldemort, and murdering Lupin's mutual friend Peter Pettigrew?
What stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger?
What realises that the one who cast the Patronus spell was not Harry's father, but Harry Harry, and does so?
What is the sequel to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets and is followed by Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?
What are returning to Hogwarts for the school year on the Hogwarts Express when dementors suddenly board the train, searching for Sirius?
Who becomes angry and accidentally causes Harry to inflate and float away?
When do After forcing Scabbers back into a human, Lupin and Sirius prepare to kill Scabbers, but Harry convinces Harry to turn Pettigrew over to the?
Who is revealed that Scabbers is actually Pettigrew, an Animagus who committed the crime for which Sirius was convicted?
What grossed a total of $ 796.7 million worldwide, with Harry Potter's box office performance ranking as the lowest-grossing in the series?
Who features a star-studded supporting cast including Gary Oldman, David Thewlis, Michael Gambon (in Michael Gambon's debut role as Albus Dumbledore), Emma Thompson and Timothy Spall?
What suggested Sirius's hairstyle, while Cuarón designed Cuarón's tattoos?
What delivers Harry to the Leaky Cauldron, where the Leaky Cauldron is forgiven by Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge for using magic outside of Hogwarts?
What appears and drags both Ron and Scabbers into a hole at the Whomping Willow's base, which is actually an underground passage to the Shrieking Shack?
When do Emma Watson as Hermione Granger, Harry 's other best?
What made Oldman a hero with Oldman's children and Oldman's schoolmates?
Who assumed the role after Richard Harris, who played Dumbledore in the previous two films, died on 25 October 2002?
What follows Harry Potter's third year at Hogwarts as Harry Potter's is informed that a prisoner named Sirius Black has escaped from Azkaban intending to kill Harry Potter's?
What grew and expanded significantly with the third film?
What was released on 31 May 2004 in the United Kingdom and on 4 June 2004 in North America, as the first Harry Potter film released into IMAX theatres and to be using IMAX Technology?
What was written by Steve Kloves and produced by Chris Columbus (director of the first two instalments), David Heyman, and Mark Radcliffe?
What figure to Harry?
What is also the last Harry Potter film to be released on VHS as well as the last film until Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince to be rated PG in North America?
What was added behind the hut?
What had expressed an interest in seeing Harris's close friend Peter O'Toole being chosen as Peter O'Toole's replacement?
What began on 24 February 2003, at Leavesden Film Studios, and concluded in October 2003?
What was " surprised by how difficult John Lennon was to pull off ", comparing the role to Shakespearean dialogue?
What was excited about the prospect of making a children's film, and thoroughly enjoyed filming?
What was filmed from Loch Shiel, Loch Eilt and Loch Morar in the Scottish Highlands?
What were also filmed in and around Borough Market and Lambeth Bridge in London?
What were built in Glen Coe, Scotland, near the Clachaig Inn?
What stated Ian McKellen would have been inappropriate to take Harris' role, as the late actor had called McKellen a " dreadful " actor?
What are mainly in Leavesden Film Studios?
What was released on CD on 25 May 2004?
What wanted to move away from CGI toward puppetry?
What was unconcerned with bettering or copying Harris, instead giving Harris' own interpretation, putting on a slight Irish accent for the role, as well as completing Harris' scenes in three weeks?
What drew inspiration from Cuarón, whom Cuarón described as having " such enthusiasm and a joy for life, " and compared Sirius to John Lennon?
What had seen the first two films and had only read part of the first book, although after taking the role Thewlis read the third?
What utilized the more rugged Scottish locations to place Hagrid's hut at the bottom of a steep hillside?
What accepted the part because Oldman needed the money, as Oldman had not taken on any major work in several years, having decided to spend more time with Oldman's children?
What was filmed in North London's Palmers Green?
What was the first to extensively utilize real-life locations, as much of the first two films had been shot in the studio?
What necessitated a looser adaptation of the book's finer plot lines and back-story?
What allowed Cuarón to make minor changes to the book, on the condition that Cuarón stuck to the book's spirit?
What was Cuarón's first choice for the role of Professor Lupin?
Who told Thewlis that Cuarón thought Lupin was gay, pitching Lupin as a " gay junkie ", although Lupin's idea turned out to be incorrect?
What was, at the time of publication, the series' longest book?
Who hired master underwater puppeteer Basil Twist to help, using puppets to study the potential movement of the Dementors?
What accepted the role on advice from Ian Hart, the man who was cast as Quirrell, who told Ian Hart that Professor Lupin was " the best part in the book?
What features the cues " Anticipation " and " Progeny " by Brand X Music, a trailer music band?
What nominated score was the third and final score in the series to be composed and conducted by John Williams?
What allowed Cuarón to place a sundial on Hogwarts' grounds, but rejected a graveyard, as that would play an important part in the then unreleased sixth book?
What released film tie-ins that included the Harry Potter Championship Quidditch board game and character action figures?
What " are from a ritual performed by the Weïrd Sisters in Act 4, Scene 1 of Shakespeare's Macbeth?
What is also cut, with no mention of the manner of James Potter's escape from Azkaban?
What uses the technique known as bullet time, popularised in the Matrix series of films?
What is only briefly mentioned, as is Remus Lupin's association to both the map and James Potter?
What has the highest-opening weekend at the UK's box office?
Who went on to make a total of £ 45.6 million in the UK?
What was also No. 1 at the North American box office for two consecutive weekends?
What found that Cuarón had " been the two sweetest years of Cuarón's life, " and expressed Cuarón's interest in directing one of the sequels?
When do Most of Sirius Black 's back story is also cut, with no mention of the manner of James Potter 's escape from?
What was released 25 May 2004 in North America and 29 May 2004 in Europe?
What opened in the United Kingdom on 31 May 2004 and on 4 June 2004 in the United States?
Who was the first film in the series to be released in both conventional and IMAX theatres?
What is removed entirely from the film, with no explanation given of exactly how Black " betrayed " the Potters to Lord Voldemort?
What expanded on Lego's previous merchandising for the first two films with the release of sets ranging from the Knight Bus to the Shrieking Shack?
What " was written during production so that a children's choir could perform John Williams in Hogwarts's Great Hall in one of the film's earlier scenes?
What designated Prisoner of Azkaban as the fifth best fantasy film?
What broke Hulk's record ($ 62.1 million) for the highest-opening weekend for a film released in June?
What is a redress of the set of Flourish & Blotts that was seen in Chamber of Secrets, which, in turn, was a redress of the Ollivanders set from the first film?
What was the second film in the series to be nominated for an Oscar?
Who went on to break records both with and without previews making a stunning £ 23.9 million including previews and £ 9.3 million excluding Harry Potter?
What held this record for five years until Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen topped Harry Potter in 2009 with $ 108.9 million?
What asserts Stephanie Zacharek to be " one of the greatest fantasy films of all time?
What lauded the film's more mature tone and said Mick LaSalle was " darker, more complex, rooted in character?
What takes humorous advantage of the magic quality of the Harry Potter world by having the Muggle world go into bullet time while inside the Knight Bus, Harry, Stan Shunpike and Ernie Prang (and the talking shrunken head) keep moving in real time?
What made a total of $ 796.7 million worldwide, which made Harry Potter 2004's second-highest-grossing film worldwide behind Shrek 2?
What ranks at No. 471 in Empire magazine's 2008 list of the 500 greatest movies of all time?
What called the film " a deeper, darker, visually arresting and more emotionally satisfying adaptation of the J.K. Rowling literary phenomenon, " especially compared to the first two installments?
What held Harry Potter's New York premiere at Radio City Music Hall on 23 May 2004, followed by Harry Potter's London premiere at Leicester Square on 30 May 2004?
What made $ 93.7 million during Harry Potter's opening weekend in the United States and Canada at 3,855 theatres, achieving, at the time, the third biggest-opening weekend of all time?
What opens with Harry using magic to light Harry's wand in short bursts, whereas in the same scene in the book, Harry uses a flashlight, as performing magic outside the wizard world is illegal for wizards under the age of seventeen?
Who was nominated for best Original Music Score (John Williams) and best Visual Effects at the 77th Academy Awards held in 2005?
What said: " the Prisoner of Azkaban boasts a brand-new director and a bold new vision, " Sean Smith also called the film " moving, " praising the performances by the three main leads, while Entertainment Weekly praised the film for being more mature than Sean Smith's predecessors?
What gave the film three-and a-half out of four stars, saying that the film was not quite as good as the first two, but still called Roger Ebert " delightful, amusing and sophisticated " Claudia Puig from USA Today found the film to be " a visual delight, " and added that " Cuaron is not afraid to make a darker film and tackle painful emotions. " while Richard Roeper called the film " a creative triumph?
