Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 234, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 26, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 21, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 14, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 13, ('S', 'S'): 10, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 8, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 5, ('NP', 'PP'): 5, ('S',): 4, ('S', 'VP'): 3, ('NP', 'NP'): 2, ('VP',): 2, ('S', 'CC', 'SBAR'): 2, ('S', 'RB', 'S'): 2, ('S', 'VP', 'NP'): 2, ('NNP',): 1, ('NP', 'CC', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('IN', 'S'): 1, ('NP',): 1, ('PP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'NP'): 1, ('SBAR', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADVP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('CC', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'PRN', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('S', 'CC', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('SBAR', 'CC', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'PP'): 1, ('S', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('NP', 'SBAR'): 1, ('NNS',): 1, ('NP', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('NP', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('S', 'S', 'CC', 'SBAR'): 1})
What board Pike's ship, the Enterprise?
What was shot in various locations around California and Utah?
What is interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan?
What concluded by the end of 2008?
What were released on November 17, 2009?
What commenced on November 7, 2007 and ended on March 27, 2008?
What praised the character development as well as the storyline in the film?
What became a box office success, grossing over $ 385.7 million worldwide?
What emerges from the storm and attacks the Kelvin?
What perform a space jump onto the drilling platform?
What surrounded the film's production and was under the fake working title Corporate Headquarters?
What kills Spock, and resumes attacking the Kelvin?
What used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series Orci?
What is scheduled to be released on July 22, 2016?
What was released in the United States and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews?
What wanted to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen, opting to use sets and locations instead?
What used digital ships for the film, as opposed to the previous films in the franchise?
What argues that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable?
What is questioned about the current stardate and an " Ambassador Spock ", whom Spock does not recognize?
What takes place in an alternate reality because of time travel by both Nero and the original Spock (Leonard Nimoy)?
Who demands that the Kelvin's Captain Robau come aboard to negotiate a truce?
What sacrifices Kelvin's life to ensure Winona's survival as Kelvin gives birth to James T. Kirk?
What attacks the Enterprise and Pike surrenders, delegating command of the ship to Spock and promoting Kirk to first officer?
What beams Kirk, Pike and Spock aboard?
What Kirk on Delta Vega after Kirk attempts mutiny?
What was created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements?
What stranded Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan's destruction?
What originated in 1968, when creator Gene Roddenberry announced plans to produce a prequel modeled after the television series?
What is a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures?
What auditioned for the role?
What portrays a younger Kirk?
Where collide, igniting the " red matter "?
What remains in Starfleet, becoming first officer under Kirk's command?
Who tortures Pike to gain access to Earth's defense codes?
When do Kirk encounters an older Spock, who explains that Kirk and Nero are from 129 years in the?
What were caught in the black hole, sending Kirk back in time?
What resurfaced temporarily in the late 1980s, when Gene Roddenberry was postulated by Harve Bennett as a possible plotline for the movie that would become Star Trek VI?
What encounters an older Spock, who explains that Kirk and Nero are from 129 years in the future?
What portrays a younger Spock?
Who leads the Narada away from Earth and sets Kirk's ship to collide with Nero's ship?
What felt like Zachary Quinto was 12 again?
What was nominated for several awards, including four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards, ultimately winning in the category for best Makeup, making best Makeup the first Star Trek film to win an Academy Award?
Who is promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral?
What was sporting that look for a good four or five years?
What improvised the character's speech patterns?
What shot Bana's scenes toward the end of filming?
What is the 11th film of the Star Trek film franchise and is also a reboot that features the main characters of the original Star Trek television series, portrayed by a new cast and the first in the reboot series?
What was released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition of Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter)?
What was supportive of Pine's casting because Abrams knew each other as Abrams worked out at the same gym?
Who look back at those pictures and Zachary Quinto see the bowl cut?
Who described James T. Kirk's first audition as " awful ", because James T. Kirk could not take James T. Kirk seriously as a leader?
What follows James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock (Zachary Quinto) aboard the USS Enterprise as Zachary Quinto combat Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan from Eric Bana's future who threatens the United Federation of Planets?
What fights with Nero and Ayel, killing the latter and rescuing Pike while Spock uses the elder Spock's ship to destroy the drill?
What orders the ship's personnel, including Kelvin's pregnant wife Winona, to abandon ship while Winona pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada, as the auto-pilot function is damaged?
What knew Abrams because Bana coincidentally shared the same agent?
What goes to warp as the elder Spock speaks the " where no one has gone before " monologue in voice-over?
What 's no question Zachary Quinto was born to play the Spock role?
What auditioned for the part?
What had discussed playing the role with the director before Quinto was cast?
Who think those are all things that Zachary Quinto as a society, and certainly the world, could implement?
What commented the physical transformation aided in portraying an alien, joking " Zachary Quinto just felt like a nerd?
What felt William Shatner had to show Kirk's " humor, arrogance and decisiveness, " but not Shatner's speech pattern, which would have bordered on imitation?
What plays Kelvin captain Richard Robau?
What bound Zachary Quinto's fingers to practice the Vulcan salute, shaved Zachary Quinto's eyebrows and grew and dyed Zachary Quinto's hair for the role?
What watched classic episodes and read encyclopedias about the Star Trek universe, but stopped as William Shatner felt weighed down by the feeling William Shatner had to copy Shatner?
What asked Nyota Uhura to play the role because Nyota Uhura had seen Nyota Uhura's previous work and liked Nyota Uhura?
What is played by Jennifer Morrison?
What encounters Kirk's older self, who persuades Kirk's younger self to continue serving in Starfleet, encouraging Kirk to do what feels right instead of what is logical?
What conveyed many of Spock's attributes, such as Zachary Quinto's stillness and the way Nimoy would hold Zachary Quinto's hands behind Zachary Quinto's back?
What was a Star Trek fan and sent Saldana's voice mails during filming, giving advice on the part?
What establishes the character's first name, which had never been previously uttered on TV or in film?
What appears as the head of Starfleet Academy, Admiral Richard Barnett?
What known for portraying Wesley Crusher on Star Trek?
What plays Chief Engineer Olson, the redshirt who is killed during the space jump?
What met with Nichelle Nichols, who explained to Nichelle Nichols how Nichelle Nichols had created Uhura's background and had named the character?
What cited the masculinity of the character as being important to Cho, and spent two weeks fight training?
What was cast at DeForest Kelley's first audition, which was two months after DeForest Kelley's initial meeting with Abrams?
What had never seen the original series, though Saldana had played a Trekkie in the Terminal (2004), but agreed to play the role after Abrams complimented Saldana?
What plays a Klingon interrogator who tortures Nero during Victor Garber's time on Rura Penthe?
What makes a cameo appearance in the transporter room as Lt. Kyle?
What reassured the public that the injury was " no big deal "?
When do Ben Cross as Sarek, Spock 's?
What is a casual fan, while Burk was not?
What establishes (to Kirk's surprise) that Uhura and Spock are lovers and have been romantically linked for some time, a point which had never been previously explored on TV or in film?
What include Rachel Nichols as Gaila, an Orion Starfleet cadet; Deep Roy as Scotty's assistant Keenser; and Paul McGillion as a Starfleet barracks leader?
What has been a fan of the show since DeForest Kelley was seven years old and actively pursued the role after rediscovering the series on DVD with DeForest Kelley's son?
What cameoed as a Kelvin crew member, and has a line of dialogue?
What establishes (in an officially discreet manner) that Uhura and Spock are, in fact, lovers and had been romantically linked for some time during the film?
What rejected Bennett's prequel proposal in 1991, after the completion of Star Trek V: the Final Frontier?
What ended up being Star Trek VI: the Undiscovered Country?
What was brought in, through urging by Greg Grunberg, to voice several of the other Romulans in the film?
What plays George Kirk, James Tiberius Kirk's father, who dies aboard the USS Kelvin while battling Nero, Mark Wahlberg was also approached for the role?
What acknowledged that being an Asian-American, " there are certain acting roles that Cho are never going to get, and one of Cho is playing a cowboy?
What said getting Nimoy in the film was important?
What acknowledged that as a child Abrams had actually preferred the Star Wars movies?
What said DeForest Kelley was happy to play a role with lots of comedy, something DeForest Kelley had not done since the Price of Milk, because DeForest Kelley was tired of action-oriented roles?
What had James Doohan's scenes substantially or entirely cut from the film, including Brad William Henke as Kirk's stepfather (the character's lines in the film were spoken by Greg Grunberg)?
What appears as a Starfleet officer, while Pasha Lychnikoff and Lucia Rijker play Romulans, Lychnikoff a Commander and Rijker a Communications Officer?
What replaced Bill Todman as financial partner?
Who produced the film with Paramount, marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film?
What was difficult to write and was ultimately cut out?
What noted Abrams only became involved with the project as producer initially because Abrams wanted to help Orci, Kurtzman and Lindelof?
What appears in this film as the head of the Vulcan Science Council?
What reprised Gene Roddenberry's role as the voice of the Enterprise's computer, which Gene Roddenberry completed two weeks before Gene Roddenberry's death on December 18, 2008?
Who had sent the fan art to Abrams to show how realistic the film could be?
What organization noted the continuity of the original series Abrams was inconsistent at times?
What added, saying the time travel creates jeopardy, unlike other prequels where viewers " know how Kurtzman all died "?
What was to revolve around a new set of characters, led by Kirk's ancestor Tiberius Chase, and be set during the Earth-Romulan War — after the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series?
Who was partly why Abrams signed on to direct?
Who saw humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained?
What organization said Orci was difficult giving a good explanation for the time travel without being gimmicky, like having Nero specifically seeking to assassinate Kirk?
What was basically a Happy Birthday wish knowing that Spock was going to go off to Romulus, and Kirk would probably be dead by the time, " and Kirk would have shifted into Shatner reciting " Where no man has gone before "?
What was Scott Chambliss, a longtime collaborator with Abrams?
What was the tricorder?
What created the fictitious drink for Alias and Abrams reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield?
What was used on location?
What were fans of the Wrath of Khan, and also cited the Next Generation episode " Yesterday's Enterprise " as an influence?
Who were put in an actual relationship as a nod to early episodes highlighting Burk's interest in Burk?
What is also from Cloverfield and appears on a building in San Francisco?
What served as one of the influences for the film?
What was regularly consulted on the script, as were Orci, Kurtzman and Lindelof's wives, to make the female characters as strong as possible?
What selected the Romulans as the villains because Abrams had been featured less than the Klingons in the series, and thought Abrams was " fun " to have Abrams meet Kirk before Kirk do in the series?
What collaborated with Nokia on recreating the original communicator, creating a $ 50,000 prototype?
What is Slusho, which Uhura orders at the bar where Abrams meets Kirk?
What is named after J.J. Abrams' grandfather, as well as the physicist and engineer Lord Kelvin (William Thomson)?
Who noted that Abrams' general knowledge of Star Trek made Abrams well suited to introduce the franchise to newcomers, and that, being an optimistic person, Abrams would make Star Trek an optimistic film, which would be a refreshing contrast to the likes of the Dark Knight?
What was having the Enterprise built on Earth, which was inspired by a piece of fan art of the Enterprise being built in a shipyard?
What is in the shape of a red ball, an Abrams motif dating back to the pilot of Alias?
What worked with a large group of concept illustrators, including James Clyne, Ryan Church, creature designer Neville Page, and Star Trek veteran John Eaves?
What must go if Abrams's going to be something that Abrams believe is real?
What joked the redesigned bridge made the Apple Store look " uncool "?
What wanted to introduce strong Starfleet captains, concurring with an interviewer that most captains in other films were " patsies " included to make Kirk look greater by comparison?
What was abandoned as Bana did not pursue the idea enough?
What was used for aliens?
Who feel like there's a certain thing that Abrams ca n't really hold onto, which is kind of the kitschy quality?
What were designed as spring-triggered barrels that revolve and glow as the setting switches from " stun " to " kill "?
What compared the film's Romulan faction to pirates with Romulan's bald, tattooed heads and disorganized costuming?
What was placed in the background of Scotty's introduction?
What was left out because Orci was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock, although Orci felt nothing in Orci's script precluded Orci from the new film's backstory?
What stated the difficulty of depicting the future was that much of modern technology was inspired by the original show, and made Abrams seem outdated?
What was made into a window that could have images projected on Scott Chambliss to make the space environment palpable?
What maintained the layout of the original bridge, but aesthetically altered Scott Chambliss with brighter colors to reflect the optimism of Star Trek?
What added that Abrams loved the focus on exploration in Star Trek and the idea of the Prime Directive, which forbids Starfleet to interfere in the development of primitive worlds, but that, because of the budgetary limitations of the original series, Abrams had " never had the resources to actually show the adventure "?
What was made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room?
What permeated in the way Orci wrote the action sequences, while Burk noted Kirk and Spock's initially cold relationship mirrors how " Han Solo was n't friends with anyone when Burk started on Burk's journey?
What maintained heavily enforced security around the film?
What is immense?
What organization compared the redesign to the sleek modernist work of Pierre Cardin and the sets from 2001: a Space Odyssey, which were from the 1960s?
What wanted aged, worn and rugged clothes for the Romulans because of Kaplan's mining backgrounds, and found some greasy looking fabrics at a flea market?
What used the fake working title of Corporate Headquarters?
What feel Karl Urban's freedom is a big challenge?
What deemed the scene too similar to the cantina sequence in Star Wars and decided to dot the designs around the film?
What was fiercely protected even with the main cast?
What was used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan?
What lacked the' V '-shaped ridges on the foreheads, which had been present in all of Bana's depictions outside the original series?
What wanted to honor that by having Nero's crew ritually scar Bana too, forming keloids reminiscent of the' V '-ridges?
What said Kurtzman wanted the general audience to like the film as much as the fans, by stripping away " Treknobabble ", making Kurtzman action-packed and giving Kurtzman the simple title of Star Trek to indicate to newcomers Kurtzman would not need to watch any of the other films?
What were shot at Vasquez Rocks, a location that was used in various episodes of the original series?
What were only given the scripts of Jennifer Morrison's scenes?
What mean, Karl Urban's really kind of paranoid crazy, but sort of justified?
What 's just something incredibly unpredictable and gorgeous about Mindel?
What tracked down the makers of those clothes, who were discovered to be based in Bali, and commissioned Kaplan to create Kaplan's designs?
What was used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room?
What is purely practical with visible mechanics as Romulan is a " working ship ", unlike the Enterprise crew who give a respectable presentation on behalf of the Federation?
What required the mixing of digital snow with real snow?
What had three prosthetics applied to Romulan's ears and foreheads, while Bana had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on Bana's ear that extends to the back of Bana's character's head?
What revealed, " [There is a] level of security and secrecy that Karl Urban have all been forced to adopt?
What said, " Simon Pegg read [the script] with a security guard near Simon Pegg – Simon Pegg's that secretive?
What were among several companies that created over 1,000 special effect shots?
What was the first film ILM worked on using entirely digital ships?
What was consulted on the planetary science and imagery?
What had fond memories of the revelation of the Enterprise's refit in Star Trek?
Who was able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight, having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film?
What noted that, in the creation of this film, Paul McCartney were influenced by Star Wars, particularly in pacing. " Paul McCartney want to feel the space, Paul McCartney want to feel speed and Paul McCartney want to feel all the things that can become a little bit lost when Star Trek becomes very stately " said Orci?
What would create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens, or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups?
What recalled Abrams also wanted to bring a " hot rod " aesthetic to the ship?
What worked on 48 shots, including some animation to Bana and Nimoy?
What go in scared?
Who chose to shoot the film in the anamorphic format on 35 mm film after discussions about whether the film should be shot in high-definition digital video?
What had to simulate lens flares on the ships in keeping with the film's cinematography?
What used lens flares throughout filming to create an optimistic atmosphere and a feeling that activity was taking place off-camera, making the Star Trek universe feel more real?
What was reanimated in Bana's first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session?
What hope Giacchino do Giacchino's best?
What was used for the Romulans?
What were Roger Guyett, who collaborated with Abrams on Mission: Impossible III and also served as second unit director, and Russell Earl?
What organization composed the music for Star Trek?
What was intended by Abrams to be a merging of Russell Earl's design in the series and the refitted version from the original film?
What narrated the audiobook?
What was also done at the City Hall of Long Beach, California; the San Rafael Swell in Utah; and the California State University, Northridge in Los Angeles (which was used for establishing shots of students at Starfleet Academy)?
What avoided shooting only against bluescreen and greenscreen, because Russell Earl " makes Russell Earl insane ", using Russell Earl instead to extend the scale of sets and locations?
What can expand and move, while the fins on Roger Guyett's engines split slightly when Roger Guyett begin warping?
What were designed by Star Wars veteran Ben Burtt?
What was frustrated that Abrams was unable to alter lines during the strike, whereas normally Abrams would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal, although Lindelof acknowledged Lindelof could dub some lines in post-production?
What wanted the ship to have more moving parts, which stemmed from Roger Guyett's childhood dissatisfaction with the ship's design?
What was used for the Vulcan themes?
What reproduced the classic photon torpedo and warp drive sounds?
What was maintained to give the ship depth, while model maker Roger Goodson also applied the " Aztec " pattern from the Next Generation?
What were composed by Two Steps from Hell?
What said in interview that Mary Jo Markey had not told Mary Jo Markey (or fellow editor Maryann Brandon) this, and initially contacted the film developers asking why the film seemed overexposed?
What was practically finished by the end of 2008?
Who required extensive damage to Bana's teeth, which was significant enough to completely replace Bana's mouth in some shots?
What took place at the Sony Scoring Stage with a 107-piece orchestra and 40-person choir?
What were hired for the teaser?
What was publicized as a screening of Star Trek II?
What tapped a long spring against a contact microphone, and combined that with cannon fire?
What recreated what an explosion would look like in space: short blasts, which suck inward and leave debris from a ship floating?
What used a 1960s oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds?
What followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film?
What conceived the redesign to emphasize the notion of transporters as beams that can pick up and move people, rather than a signal composed of scrambled atoms?
What was released in March and April 2009?
What kept the original theme by Alexander Courage for the end credits, which Abrams said symbolized the momentum of the crew coming together?
What were able to stay on set without strikebreaking because Kurtzman were also executive producers on the film; Kurtzman could " make funny eyes and faces at the actors whenever Kurtzman had a problem with the line and sort of nod when Kurtzman had something better "?
What hope to continue J. J. Abrams' toy line into 2010?
What organization directed the first part of the trailer, where a welder removes Lindelof's goggles?
What was acclaimed by film critics?
What are based on previous Star Trek iterations rather than the film?
What would win four awards, including best in Show, in the tenth annual Golden Trailer Awards?
What acknowledged Damon Lindelof would allow more time to perfect the visual effects?
When do Quinto narrated the?
What debuted in theaters with Cloverfield on January 18, 2008, which showed the Enterprise under construction?
What created a merchandising line based around Star Trek caricatures named " Quogs "?
What were polarized with Star Trek?
What came about after visiting the set and watching dailies, as Abrams realized the film could appeal to a much broader audience?
What held the merchandise rights for the new film?
What consists of 3.75 ", 6 " and 12 " action figures, an Enterprise replica, prop toys and play sets?
What grossed $ 127,764,536 in international markets, for a total worldwide gross of $ 385,494,555?
What was held on April 6, 2009, at the Alamo Drafthouse theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof?
What might not even be immediately recognizable to veteran fans?
What received several nominations?
What gave Roger Ebert a 2.5 out of 4 stars?
What garnered numerous accolades after Juliet Lapidos' release?
What explained that: " if Orci do indeed have a Federation, Orci think Kennedy ’s words will be inscribed in there someplace. "?
What started at 7 pm on May 7, 2009, grossing $ 4 million on Barbie's opening day?
What made US $ 8.5 million from Barbie's IMAX screenings, breaking the Dark Knight's $ 6.3 million IMAX opening record?
What was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 17, 2009 in North America, November 16 in the United Kingdom and October 26 in Australia and New Zealand?
What is the highest-grossing in the United States and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing the Voyage Home and Star Trek: the Motion Picture?
What meant Alan Dean Foster was allowed to watch the whole film before writing the novelization, although the novel would contain scenes absent from the final edit?
What was originally redesigned by Ryan Church using features of the original, at 1,200 feet (370 m) long, but was doubled in size to 2,357 feet (718 m) long to make Roger Guyett seem " grander ", while the Romulan Narada is five miles long and several miles wide.?
What had filmed Nimoy when Bana rerecorded Bana's lines so Bana could rotoscope Bana's mouth into the film, even recreating the lighting conditions, but Bana realized Bana had to digitally recreate Bana's lips because of the bouncing light created by the camp fire?
What gave the film an 83 out of 100 based on 37 reviews from critics?
What was nominated for three Empire Awards, to which best Makeup won for best Sci-Fi / Fantasy?
What will promote the film via playing cards, Monopoly, UNO, Scrabble, Magic 8-Ball, Hot Wheels, Tyco R/C, 20Q, Scene Hot Wheels ? and Barbie lines?
What won in the category for best Makeup, making best Makeup the first Star Trek film to receive an Academy Award?
What signed on for two sequels as part of Zoe Saldana's original deals?
What attained a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture at the 16th Screen Actors Guild Awards?
What ended Barbie's United States theatrical run on October 1, 2009, with a box office total of $ 257,730,019, which places Barbie as the seventh highest-grossing film for 2009 behind the Hangover?
What include Nokia, Verizon Wireless, Esurance, Kellogg's, Burger King and Intel Corporation, as well as various companies specializing in home decorating, apparel, jewelry, gift items and " Tiberius ", " Pon Farr " and " Red Shirt " fragrances?
What stood at 5.7 million DVDs along with 1.1 million Blu-ray Discs, giving Paramount Pictures Barbie's third chart topping release in five weeks following Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen and G.I. Joe: the Rise of Cobra?
What was released on May 16, 2013?
What were happy with the international sales, as Star Trek historically was a movie franchise that never has been a big draw overseas?
When do In October 2009, Star Trek won the Hollywood Award for Best Movie, and attained six Scream Awards and the 2009 Scream Awards?
What was nominated for a Grammy Award for best Score Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, but was beaten out by Up, also composed by Michael Giacchino?
What made Ben Burtt's phaser sounds more like Ben Burtt's blasters from Star Wars, because Abrams' depiction of phasers were closer to the blasters' bullet-like fire, rather than the steady beams of energy in previous Star Trek films?
When do On June 15, 2009, the film was nominated for five Teen Choice?
What has a 95 % approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 329 reviews, with the consensus: " Star Trek reignites a classic franchise with action, humor, a strong story, and brilliant visuals, and will please traditional Trekkies and new fans alike?
What were being looked at as a potential replacement, though Jones indicated that Jones would not be directing the film?
What gave the film a' B +' grade, and asserted that Keith Phipps was " a reconsideration of what constitutes Star Trek, one that deemphasizes heady concepts and plainly stated humanist virtues in favor of breathless action punctuated by bursts of emotion?
What argued that the new film, with Juliet Lapidos' " standard Hollywood torture scene ", failed to live up to the intellectual standard set by the 1992 Next Generation episode " Chain of Command ", whose treatment of the issue Juliet Lapidos found both more sophisticated and pertinent to the ongoing debate over the United States' use of enhanced interrogation techniques?
