Counter({('NP', 'VP'): 37, ('PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 6, ('ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 4, ('NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 3, ('NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 3, ('S', 'CC', 'S'): 3, ('S', 'NP', 'VP'): 2, ('S', 'S'): 2, ('SBAR', 'NP', 'VP'): 2, ('PP', 'VP', 'NP'): 1, ('NNP',): 1, ('ADVP', 'PP', 'S', 'CC', 'S'): 1, ('PP', 'ADVP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('S', 'NP', 'ADVP', 'VP'): 1, ('ADJP', 'VP', 'NP'): 1, ('PP', 'PP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1, ('PP', 'NP', 'NP', 'VP'): 1})
What begins to speak with an impeccable upper class accent?
What " was used instead?
What leaves, saying Freddy will never meet again?
What attempts to talk Eliza into coming back to Higgins?
What won eight Academy Awards, including best Picture, best Actor, and best Director?
Who recommends Alfred to a wealthy American who is interested in morality?
What is satisfied that Freddy has had Freddy " own back?
What poses as a mysterious lady at an embassy ball and even dances with a foreign prince?
What is intrigued and offers to cover all expenses if the experiment should be successful?
Who makes Higgins' way home, stubbornly predicting that Higgins will come crawling back?
What feels that Higgins has ruined Higgins, since Higgins is now bound by morals and responsibility?
Who conceals a grin behind Higgins' hand?
Who selects as an example a young flower seller, Eliza Doolittle (Audrey Hepburn), who has a strong Cockney accent?
Who is impressed by the man's honesty, Higgins' natural gift for language, and especially Higgins' brazen lack of morals?
What dubbed Rin-Tin-Tin ")?
Who becomes angered when Eliza announces that Higgins is going to marry Freddy and become Karpathy's assistant?
What was followed faithfully, except for " with a Little Bit of Luck "?
What is sung by Doolittle just after Higgins discovers that Eliza is now living with Higgins?
What earned an Academy Award for George Groves' efforts?
What is the only musical number from the play omitted in the film version?
What is a 1964 American musical film adaptation of the Lerner and Loewe eponymous stage musical based on the 1938 film adaptation of the original 1913 stage play Pygmalion by George Bernard Shaw?
What were created by Parisian milliner Paulette at Beaton's request?
Who put up the money for the original Broadway production in exchange for the rights to the cast album (through Columbia Records)?
What was re-released again in 1994 after a thorough restoration?
What decided to use a wireless microphone, the first such use during filming of a motion picture?
What meets Jeremy Brett's father, who has been left a large fortune by the wealthy American Higgins had sent Jeremy Brett to and is resigned to marrying Eliza's stepmother?
What was re-released in 1971 and earned North American rentals of $ 2 million?
What is the placement of the intermission?
What goes through many forms of speech training, such as speaking with marbles in Alfred's mouth, enduring Higgins' harsh approach to teaching and Higgins' treatment of Higgins personally?
What won an Academy Award for best Production Design for art direction of the film?
What was agreed that the rights to the film would revert to CBS seven years following release?
When do " Jack L. Warner even dubbed Rin-Tin-Tin "?
What was commissioned and financed by CBS, to which the film rights reverted from Warner Bros. in 1971?
What were released in the 1990s, affording audiences an opportunity to judge whether the dubbing was necessary?
What returns to Jeremy Brett's old life, but finds that Jeremy Brett no longer fits in?
When do One of the few differences in structure between the stage version and the film is the placement of the?
What was restored in 1994 by James C. Katz and Robert A. Harris, who had restored Spartacus three years earlier?
What were reverted to CBS in 1971 and in 2009, currently distributed by Paramount Pictures?
What shows up three days later, ostensibly to protect Stanley Holloway's daughter's virtue, but in reality simply to extract some money from Higgins, and is bought off with £ 5?
What is sung by Doolittle and William S. Paley's cronies just after Eliza gives William S. Paley part of William S. Paley's earnings, immediately before William S. Paley makes the decision to go to Higgins's house to ask for speech lessons?
What causes Higgins to throw Higgins' slippers at Higgins, and to walk out on Higgins, leaving Higgins mystified by Higgins' ingratitude?
What organization would later hire Harris to lend Harris' expertise to a new 4 K restoration of the film for a 2015 Blu-ray release, working from 8 K scans of the original camera negative and other surviving 65 mm elements?
What was a room at the Château de Groussay, Montfortl'-Amaury, in France, which had been decorated opulently by Higgins' owner Carlos de Beistegui?
What declined to pre-record Harrison's musical numbers for the film, explaining that Harrison had never talked Harrison's way through the songs the same way twice and thus could not convincingly lip-sync to a playback during filming (as musical stars had, according to Jack L. Warner, been doing for years?
